[Music]
who's that buddy
so
[Music]
he gets so excited when the box comes
what's this woody
[Music]
dry ice
still frozen
[Music]
beef ribs
oh
what's up buddy
it's time to eat food
it's breakfast time so this is gohan
every single morning i just want to show
you guys how hype gohan gets to eat his
breakfast every morning check this out
[Music]
what's that
food
huh is that your food right here what is
that
today we have some lamb patty
it's time to eat some lamb today
what do you say
so i give gohan two meals a day so every
packet i get i just split it into two so
so right here i have some lamb patty
gohan loves this
but i do like to add some food for gohan
because number one he's spoiled and
number two
you're just the best dog ever right so
so sometimes i like to add a few foods i
definitely don't need to add food
because everything he needs is here so
for those of you guys who know when you
feed raw food it's 80 meat 10 bone and
10 organ or liver patty right here it's
all blended inside so gohan doesn't need
anything added to his food but
like i said he's spoiled so i like to
add a few things so here we got a fish
oil pill
he loves this i always add this every
day to his food and we got some chicken
feet
gohan loves these so what i like to do
is add
three of them and i give these to gohan
like once or twice a week one or two
blueberries to gohan's breakfast every
day all right so this is breakfast right
here look at this
you ready to eat
how you jump stuff
sit sit
oh boy stay right there stay
stay
you
ready yeah go get it go
let's see what he goes for first
the chicken feet of course he loves
those
[Music]
so
is that good
it makes the floor like always
and yes i clean the floor after every
meal with a disinfecting wipe so
but that's monday right there guys
was that good
eating buddy
make some food
[Music]
hey it's time for breakfast squeaky
breakfast time buddy
all right so here we have day two
today we have some buffalo
all right buddy i'll set you up fish oil
pill ready okay also i gotta go on some
fish
[Music]
half frozen patty
for gohan look you want some fish
yeah
i know you smelled that already
all right so i like to give gohan two of
these
for today we have two blueberries some
fish and gohan's buffalo patty
with everything in it ready to go
by the way i give gohan fish like once
or twice a week you ready to eat
oh let's go
[Music]
all right
sit
atta boy
we're very thankful for our food right
good boy here
eat up going
so
[Music]
god's tearing up that fish
so
fish oil pill
look at that clean
[Music]
what you got today
it's time for some food buddy
it's breakfast time
you good
let's go let's go all right
so today we have beef guys from we feed
raw of course
and gohan over here loves beef
beef rib
this is for later though this is also
from we feed raw
okay
got some beef today buddy
fish oil
as always
half
we got some beef right here so first i'm
gonna give him this and then i'll give
him this
let's go let's go let's go
sit
good boy
all right
beef today
with beef ribs
stay
so
all right so this is gohan's rib this is
just a treat he likes to chew on these
and he takes a very long time eating
these so i'm just gonna fast forward
some of it and just show you guys how he
eats it
[Music]
gohan's already in the kitchen
i want some chicken buddies eat some
chicken
all right buddy i need some chicken
today
you already know the drill huh there we
have some chicken
and i'm also going to give gohan an egg
today
i give gohan these about once a week of
course this fish oil pill and we also
have some carrots
relax
yummy
[Music]
you ready
you wanna eat some food
come on
look at this happy boy
[Music]
good boy stay
you ready go
so
hmm
all right good booty
and like always gohan leaves his bowl
completely clean is that good
he's looking for some more
is it breakfast time
i think it's breakfast time
the tummy
is it tiny yes it is buddy let's go eat
some food
is it time to eat some food
so today
we have some
quail trying to eat some quail today
yeah
quail
[Music]
all right let's do it buddy
there's some quail look
go on fish oil pill
yummy
[Music]
you had all your food buddy
there's no more
look at that face all right so that is
my dog eating
his breakfast every day and what it
looks like so i hope you guys enjoyed
that video make sure you guys check out
we feed raw if you're interested in
feeding raw food to your dogs i'll link
them down below if you have any
questions make sure you guys email them
they have a contact page and it's the
most delicious food ever right buddy
look at that lip
that's that's flavor savor for later
right make sure to leave a like and
subscribe
gohan over here loves you
right say bye
[Music]